ASH: Alright!
Whoohoo! This is AWESOME!
ASH: Yeah! Right, Pikachu?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
NARRATOR:
This is Melemele Island,
one of several
islands in the Alola region.
Ash and Pikachu
are in the middle of a
vacation on the island,
and they're having
an absolute ball!
ASH: All right!
Full throttle, Sharpedo!
SHARPEDO: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PYUKUMUKU: [GREETING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
PIKACHU: [GASPING] / [RELIEVED]
BRUXISH: [ATTACK]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
BRUXISH: [STRUGGLING]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ASH: Made it, buddy...
POPPLIO: [DELIGHTED]
I could get used to
this heat on my skin
I can feel every day
I'm a little bit stronger
I only wish each day was longer
Yeah!
We're having fun in the sun
(the Alolan sun)
week after week
It's just like
we're on vacation
Yeah!
Now our journey's
begun, Friends 'til the end
Number one's
our destination
Under the Alolan sun
Pokémon!
INSTRUCTOR: The famous
Alola Pokémon jet ski.
So what did you think?
ASH: Man, it was super fun!
INSTRUCTOR: That's great!
Come back again soon!
ASH: Right! Thanks, Sharpedo!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
SHARPEDO: [HAPPY]
ASH: You won't beat me!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
LITTEN: [PAINED]
ASH: Sorry!
LITTEN: [ATTACK]
ASH: Oh, man!
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
DELIA: Blue water ...
White fluffy clouds...
And this ...
delicious Pinap juice.
It's so refreshing!
MR. MIME: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Hey, Mom! I'm back!
DELIA: Hope you had fun, Ash!
ASH: Sure did!
We went diving with a Sharpedo!
Saw lots of Pokémon I've
never seen before! YEAH!!
DELIA: That does sound like fun!
We have Mimey to thank for
winning the tickets
for our Alola vacation.
Thanks very much, Mimey!
MR. MIME: [PLEASED]
DELIA: Here!
PROFESSOR OAK: No problem!
PIKACHU/MR. MIME: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU/MR. MIME: [CHEERING]
DELIA: So!
Shall we change and get going?
ASH: Where to, Mom?
DELIA: Why, to Professor Oak's
cousin's place.
ASH: Right. I forgot.
PIKACHU/MR. MIME: [CHEERING]
PROFESSOR OAK: Yes, this
will work out just fine!
I was worried about how I was
going to get this to my cousin
in the Alola region.
Now I'm not!
ASH: Wow, an Egg!
What kind of Pokémon is it?
PROFESSOR OAK:
You'll just have to wait for it
to hatch to find out.
ASH: Oh, man...
DELIA: Count on us!
We'll get it there ...
ASH: My first Pokémon taxi.
This is the best EVER!
TAUROS: [GRUNT]
DRIVER:
Here in the Alola region,
we use the power of Pokémon
to go anywhere and everywhere.
We refer to these
Pokémon as Ride Pokémon.
DRIVER: For land travel,
you take a Land Ride Pokémon.
Flying, you take
an Air Ride Pokémon.
On water, a Water Ride Pokémon.
ASH: So that Sharpedo
was a Water Ride Pokémon!
DRIVER: Oh, it sounds to me
like you've already been trying
things out here!
ASH: Mom, where
are we taking the Egg?
DELIA: To a place they
call the Pokémon School.
ASH: Pokémon School, huh?
DELIA:
Sounds interesting, doesn't it?
MR. MIME: [ALERT]
ASH: Yeah!
MR. MIME: [EXCITED]
DELIA: My, my! Look at
all those delicious berries!
Maybe I'll buy some as a gift.
DRIVER: The berries
at this market are always
fresh and delicious!
DELIA: Sounds great!
DELIA: It's so
hard to make a decision...
PIKACHU: [IMPRESSED]
GRUBBIN: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [CURIOUS]
ASH: It's a Pokémon. So cool!
ASH: I wonder what its name is!
GRUBBIN: [THREATENING]
ASH:
Okay, let's catch it, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DELIA: Ash, look...
MR. MIME: [QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU: [PANTING]
ASH: Hey, slow DOWN!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Where did that Pokémon go?
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
ASH: Where are we? Weird ...
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Guess we m issed it.
Man, that's too bad.
ASH: Where are we
supposed to take that Egg again?
BEWEAR: [IRRITATED]
BEWEAR: [CALLING]
ASH: A Pokémon!
ASH: Oh, wow!
PIKACHU: [INTERESTED]
BEWEAR: [AGGRESSIVE]
ASH: Look, it's waving!
BEWEAR: [THREATENING]
ASH: You sure are cute.
BEWEAR: [ANGRY]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
BEWEAR: [FURIOUS]
ASH: Now what?
PIKACHU: [WARNING]
BEWEAR: [ROARING]
ASH: Move it!
BEWEAR: [ATTACK]
BEWEAR: [ROARING]
BEWEAR: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: What was up that thing?
PIKACHU: [RELIEVED]
ASH: What's that? A Charizard?
Must be an air Ride Pokémon.
That's awesome!
Pikachu. Let's follow it!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU:
[DELIGHTED] / [QUESTIONING]
ASH: WOAH! So many Pokémon!
LILLIE: No, look out!
TAUROS (3): [WARNING]
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
MALLOW: STOP!
Stop it, Tauros! Come on!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
LILLIE: Are you okay?
ASH: Oh, yeah, I'm fine!
ASH: Actually,
I'm good at dealing with Tauros.
See, I've caught some.
TAUROS: [GREETING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Hey, you're kind of acting
like you're scared of Pokémon.
LILLIE:
I am not scared. I love Pokémon.
At least from a
research point of view.
MALLOW: I'm sorry!
You came out of the forest so
quickly like that...
I couldn't stop.
SOPHOCLES: Thing is,
Lillie can't touch Pokémon.
LILLIE: I can touch them.
Theoretically, that is.
If I really, really wanted to.
I just choose not to.
MALLOW: Don't worry.
Don't get all frustrated
and one day you'll be able to,
if you want.
LANA: That's right.
ASH: You! I saw you
at the ocean fishing!
LANA: For Bruxish.
MALLOW: Hey, you know this guy?
ASH: I'm Ash Ketchum.
I came from Pallet Town
in the Kanto region!
And, this is my
good buddy Pikachu.
Nice to meet you!
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
ASH: So ... What is this place?
MALLOW: It's the Pokémon School.
ASH: I've heard of the
Pokémon School! Whaddaya know.
This is it.
MALLOW:
I guess you must've gotten lost.
ASH: I guess...
MALLOW: I'll show you around!
ASH: Really?
BOUNSWEET: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
MALLOW: Come on, this way!
ASH: Hey,
you don't have to pull so hard!
ASH: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH: "It's Grubbin!"
ASH: Check it OUT!
What's that?!
So cool! Awesome!
ASH: This's great.
Where am I again?
MALLOW: I told you.
It's the Pokémon School!
MALLOW: It's a place
where Pokémon and students
all study together.
MALLOW: Principal, sir?
I brought a new student.
ASH: A new student?!
DELIA: Ash! You finally made it.
ASH: It's my mom!
DELIA: Glad you can join us.
SAMSON: Alola, Ash!
Welcome to the Pokémon School,
home of Solrock and roll!
ASH: Professor Oak,
what are you doing here?
SAMSON:
People tell me we look alike.
I guess that's why
you recognized me.
The name is Samson Oak.
MALLOW: He's the
Pokémon School principal.
SAMSON: Nice to meet chew!
ASH:
Uh, nice to meet you, too ...
MALLOW: He always makes jokes.
Playing around
with Pokémon names.
SAMSON:
We all need a little fun.
A little dose of levity
and laughter is
what MY RANT IS FOR!
PIKACHU/BOUNSWEET: [AWKWARD]
ASH: And after
we chased after Charizard,
we just kind of wound up here.
MALLOW: So that means...
you're really not a new
student here after all.
ASH: I guess I never
really got a chance to explain.
MALLOW: It's my fault.
I'm in such a
hurry all the time,
I can miss things.
SAMSON: Hey, Samuel! It's me!
I got your Egg safe and sound!
PROFESSOR OAK:
Excellent, Samson!
That's what I like to hear.
Thanks to you, Delia.
DELIA:
It's my greatest pleasure.
MALLOW: Say, Principal Oak sir?
May I show Ash
around the campus?
SAMSON: Of course!
PoryGON your way ...
MALLOW: Ready to go, Ash?
MALLOW:
Now this is our classroom.
ASH: Wow ...
PIKACHU: [CAPTIVATED]
ASH: This is so nice!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
MALLOW: And that's not all!
There's also the field where you
met Tauros, and there's the lake
and ... the campus is huge and
we learn all
sorts of amazing things.
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Hi!
PROFESSOR KUKUI:
A big Alola to you all!
MALLOW: Professor Kukui!
ASH: Professor?
MALLOW: Yeah, he's our teacher!
Professor!
I'd like you to meet Ash!
PROFESSOR KUKUI:
Principal Oak just filled me in.
Hi, Ash, Pikachu.
The Pokémon School
is a wonderful place!
PROFESSOR KUKUI: I hope
you enjoy your visit here!
ASH: Thank you!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: Who are they?
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Stopping our bikes the way you
did was not the
smartest of moves.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Yeah, just like my bro said.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Team Skull doesn't
like anyone getting in our way.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (PINK):
You've got that right!
KIAWE: I don't
remember blocking the road.
The only people I can see
getting in the way are you.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Well, listen to the big talker.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
I dare you to say that again!
ASH: Who are those guys?
MALLOW:
They're part of Team Skull.
Always bullying us
into a Pokémon battle.
Not nice.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE): If you
can beat us in a Pokémon battle,
maybe we'll let you walk away...
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Yeah, but if we beat you,
then that Charizard
of yours belongs to us!
KIAWE: You'll be sorry...
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Ha! We'll see about that.
Come on out, Salandit!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Yungoos!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (PINK): Zubat!
YUNGOOS,SALANDIT: [THREATENING]
ZUBAT X3: [THREATENING]
BLUE TEAM SKULL: Now tell
your Charizard to fight!
YUNGOOS X3: [SNARLING]
SALANDIT X3: [HISSING]
ASH: Stop it!
MALLOW: But Ash!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Who do you think you are?
ASH: You're cowards!
Ganging up three against one ...
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
What are you gonna do about it?
ASH: I'll fight, too!
Are you ready? And you're ...
KIAWE: Kiawe.
But I don't need any help.
MALLOW: Those guys are
really dangerous, Ash!
ASH: Pikachu! Ready?
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
ASH: I choose you!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Oh, my ...
KIAWE: Don't hurt yourself.
KIAWE:
Now, Turtonator, come on OUT!
TURTONATOR: [APPEARING]
ASH: So totally awesome!
So that's a Turtonator, huh?
KIAWE: A Fire and Dragon type.
A strong and
trusted friend.
A wise one.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Now, Salandit!
Show them your
strength with Venoshock!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Yungoos, use Bite!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (PINK):
Zubat, Leech Life!
ASH: Pikachu! Use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SALANDIT: [VENOSHOCK MOVE]
PIKACHU: [QUICK ATTACK MOVE]
KIAWE: That's fast...
TURTONATOR: [CHALLENGING]
YUNGOOS X3 /ZUBAT X3:
[BITE ATTACK] /[LEECH LIFE MOVE]
YUNGOOS X3 /ZUBAT X3: [SHOCKED]
ASH: What happened?
KIAWE:
If something touches the spines
on a Turtonator's shell,
they'll blow up.
ASH: Wow!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
Quick, Salandit,
use Flame Burst!
SALANDIT: [FLAME BURST MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu,
dodge and use Thunderbolt!
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
SALANDIT X3: [TERRIFIED]
PIKACHU: [EXERTION]
SALANDIT X3: [DAZED]
ASH: Yeah, way to go!
PIKACHU: [CONFIDENT]
KIAWE: I'll finish this.
KIAWE: All right!
Turtonator, let's go!
TURTONATOR: [ROARING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE): Oh no!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (PINK):
Uh oh...
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Could it be the move?
KIAWE: The zenith ...
KIAWE: ...of my mind ...
KIAWE: Of body ...
KIAWE: ...and spirit!
Like the great
mountain of Akala ...
KIAWE:
Become a raging fire and burn!
KIAWE: Inferno Overdrive!
TURTONATOR:
[INFERNO OVERDRIVE MOVE]
YUNGOOS X3 /ZUBAT X3
/SALANDIT X3: [IMPACT]
YUNGOOS X3 /ZUBAT X3/
SALANDIT X3: [STUNNED]
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
We won't forget this!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLACK):
Yeah, just like my bro said.
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (BLUE):
If you were gonna use that move,
you should have told us!
TEAM SKULL GRUNT (PINK):
Yeah, no fair!
ASH: Kiawe, what was that?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
PROFESSOR KUKUI: A Z-Move.
ASH: Z-Move?
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Right.
SOPHOCLES: That's our Kiawe!
MALLOW:
You were great, too, Ash!
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Z-Moves
are special moves passed down
in the Alola region.
Alola consists of four islands,
and each of them has
its own guardian Pokémon.
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Only those who
participate in a ceremony called
the island challenge
are able to use Z-Moves.
ASH: Island guardians ...
island challenge ...
And Z-Moves, too!
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Now that was
a real Mega Punch level battle!
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Say, Ash,
you seem to enjoy a good battle.
ASH: Yeah!
I wanna be a Pokémon Master!
PROFESSOR KUKUI: Oh, I see...
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Who's that Pokémon?
SOPHOCLES: Pokémon?
LANA: But where?
MALLOW: I don't see anything...
ASH: It was just there!
It was a Pokémon for sure!
It was yellow...
about this big, with an
orange crest on its head!
PROFESSOR KUKUI:
That sounds like...
KIAWE: Tapu Koko.
LILLIE: You saw Tapu Koko?
Guardian of Melemele Island?
ASH: Wow, guardian?
That's what that was?
DELIA: This is so good!
DELIA: Anything
interesting happen today?
DELIA: You seem a little
bit distracted this evening.
TAPU KOKO: [CALLING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH: Yup, that was it!
DELIA: Where are you going?
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
DELIA: Pikachu?
TAPU KOKO: [CALLING]
ASH: There it is!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
PIKACHU: [AWESTRUCK]
ASH: The Spirit Guardian.
That's Tapu Koko?
ASH: Why do you
keep coming to me?
ASH: Is there
something you wanna tell me?
ASH: What's that?
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: That looks like
what Kiawe was wearing.
TAPU KOKO: [INVITING]
TAPU KOKO: [APPROVING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU: [AMAZED]
TAPU KOKO: [PLEASED]
ASH: Hey!
ASH: Professor Kukui's
house is awesome! Know what?
There's a training
room in the basement!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
DELIA: That's great!
I love seeing you and Pikachu
having a good time...
ASH: And thanks, Mom.
ASH: When I said I
wanted to stay on the island,
you said fine right off the bat.
DELIA: Of course I did.
I am your mother ...
So I had a feeling
you might ask me that.
I was right.
ASH: I've gotta go!
I start Pokémon School today!
DELIA:
Have a great time! Be careful!
ASH: I will!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
PIKACHU[QUESTIONING]
ASH:
I'll race you there, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Hey! Wait!
NARRATOR: After receiving a
Z-Ring from the island guardian,
Tapu Koko,
Ash and Pikachu begin what
promises to be an exciting
time in the Alola region,
as the journey continues!